welcome back to Sunday 24/7 I'm your
host misha johnson here with my co-host
jeff fisher and we are on location at
Canterbury Park in Shakopee F now Jeff I
know that you recently did some testing
with speed work so tell me a little bit
about it yeah we actually went out to
Colorado and went testing with speed
works Jeremy put me to work as one of
his test runs they said I actually got a
chance to wrench on the sleds drive the
sleds we actually did drag racing up the
hills which was one of my favorites
actually test each sled head to head up
the side of these mountains it was
absolutely fantastic well that's
certainly something that I don't want to
miss take a look our tcats new Pro climb
chassis pushes mountain riding to the
next level
speed works as a way to boost engine
performance to make the most out of the
new Pro climb chassis hey guys Jeremy
from speed works here we're out west up
at about 9,000 feet working in that nine
to twelve thousand range working on some
testing some calibration and the key
things were focusing on here we're gonna
show you guys are our newest hottest
latest and greatest product our new
supercharger kits this here as you can
see is on a 2012 unit we've got our pro
charger head unit custom speed works
exhaust prototype lightweight muffler
this is our second day out on the snow
with this sled and this thing's running
phenomenally well and then here we've
got this is one of our 2010 2011 test
mules this also has our supercharger kit
on it pretty much the same components
that I just showed you in the 2012
obviously the fit and finish is
different with the completely different
chassis so we'll have both of the 2012
in this 2010-2011 unit out there
shaking them down just so we can show
you a real-world scenario what these
things are capable o the the next big
question we get is guys like well why
why do I want to go super charger why do
I want under this the the the thing a
super charger does that nothing else
does I mean we all build boost when we
have a blower whether it's a turbo or
supercharger well building boosts but
the supercharger does it build it like
that the snap of your fingers it's
building boost so our acceleration are
with auto response is unlike anything
else that's boosted so if you're looking
for if you're looking for something good
snappy
great acceleration great throttle
response in the trees out of the trees
tight bowls backwards where it's steep
and nasty superchargers the way to go
for sure no questions asked the testing
moved on to a power robbing Hill Climb
races between the two the two
supercharger slides they have with us
and they somewhat stock 2012 800 with
our single pipe exhaust system
lightweight muffler clutching and fuel
controller just doing some comparative
drag races to get a feel as to where
some of the changes are making where
they're at how it's track speed going up
the hill and just where the sleds are at
so you guys can see the difference you
know when you spend all that money on a
supercharger kit you know what's it
going to do different than the stock one
we're putting it in this drag race form
so you guys can see just in a straight
line up the hill what we've got going on
though race begin
the two boosted sleds always run up
front regardless of the rider or lane
selection the supercharged eight CR is
the fastest sled speed works goes
through rigorous testing scenarios so
the end product is perfect for the
consumer so earlier in the day we were
showing you guys who win over the sleds
on these new superchargers showed you
the 2012 version showed you the 2010
2011 version we put them through all
kinds of different types of scenarios
today as far as drag racing up the hill
side hill and down the hill and Carvin
you name it put everything through those
paces so you guys can get a get a
real-world perspective as far as what do
these things are capable of we had we
had that stock one in there too so you
guys can see the difference you know
boosted versus non boosted what we're
what we're dealing with and what you're
looking at for performance aids and
things like that if you have an artic
cat mountain sled that needs a little
more power go to speed works for the
most reliable and real world tested
products on snow very cool stuff and you
know Jeremy I don't think that I
realized how much you guys actually test
and tweak all your products we it it's
never-ending constantly evolving process
we're testing products that are gonna be
coming out one year from now five years
from now just like cell phones you buy a
new one and the next week you got
something new and better out it's
constantly like that I mean that's just
how the world works and we want to make
sure that our products are keeping up
with what the industry is doing what our
customers want things like that so it's
it's an ever non-stop always evolving
process it's very true and I know if I
need or if I want an artic at Madh I
know exactly where I'm going the home of
horsepower of course
alright sweater stay right where you are
because Sunday 24 7 is coming right back
when head 24/7 returns Jeff Fisher
has the story of a turbocharged
ambassador from skidoo in the Snowy
Range Mountains of Wyoming